Update search-job.md (#5205)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/api/search-job.md

While the search job is running you need to request the job status based on the search job ID. The API keeps the search job alive by either polling for status every 20 to 30 seconds or gathering results. If the search job is not kept alive by API requests, it is canceled. When a search job is canceled for inactivity, you will get a 404 status.

> You should send ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY pair with every Search Job API request. A 404 status (Page Not Found) on a follow-up request may be due to a cookie not accompanying the request or due to a missing/incorrect ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY pair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Got it! You're not getting an error—you're **editing documentation** and want help with **wording clarity**.

Here's a clean, professional rewrite of your sentence:

---

**Original:**
You should include the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair in every Search Job API request. A 404 status (Page Not Found) on a follow-up request may occur if the request is missing a required cookie or if the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair is incorrect or omitted.
```

> You should include the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair in every Search Job API request. A 404 status (Page Not Found) on a follow-up request may occur if the request is missing a required cookie or if the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair is incorrect or omitted.

Author: ```suggestion
You must include the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair in every Search Job API request. A 404 status (Page Not Found) on a follow-up request may occur if the request is missing a required cookie or if the `ACCESSID:ACCESSKEY` pair is incorrect or omitted.
```
